# INTRODUCTION

The SARS-CoV-2 virus causes Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), an infectious disease. The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) developed the coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19), a highly transmissible and pathogenic virus that caused a global pandemic and a considerable loss of human life. According to a genetic analysis, bats could be the primary reservoir. SARS-CoV-2 is phylogenetically related to bat viruses that cause severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). Despite the fact that the source of genesis and transmission to humans is unknown, the rapid human-to-human transmission has been demonstrated. COVID-19 has not yet been treated with a clinically approved antiviral drug or vaccine. However, only a few broad-spectrum antiviral medicines have been tested in clinical trials against COVID-19, with clinical recovery. The majority of those infected with the virus will have mild to moderate respiratory symptoms and will recover without the need for medical attention. Some, on the other hand, will become critically unwell and require medical assistance. Serious sickness is more likely to strike the elderly and those with underlying medical disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, or cancer. COVID-19 can make anyone sick and cause them to get very ill or die at any age.

Wuhan, China's emerging commercial hub, recently saw an outbreak of a novel coronavirus that killed over eighteen hundred people and infected over seventy thousand in the first fifty days of the pandemic. This virus was identified as belonging to the coronavirus family. The Chinese researchers termed the new virus 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCov). The virus was called SARS-CoV-2 by the International Committee on Virus Taxonomy (ICTV), and the disease was named COVID-19 by the International Committee on Virus Taxonomy (ICTV). SRAS-CoV (2003) infected 8098 people in 26 countries, with a 9% mortality rate; nevertheless, as of this writing, new corona virus (2019) has infected 120,000 people in 109 countries, with a 2.9 percent mortality rate. It shows that SARS-CoV-2 had a higher transmission rate than SRAS-CoV, which could be attributed to a genetic recombination event at the S protein in SARS-RBD CoV-2's region, which boosted transmission ability. In this review article, the transmission of human coronaviruses is briefly discussed. SARS and MERS are also discussed in terms of infectiousness and biochemical features, with a focus on COVID-19.

# PROBLEM STATEMENT
# SIGNIFICANCE OF THE PROPOSED PROJECT
# METHODS
# EXPECTED OUTPUT
